End User Stories

	- Start the program
	- Main menu
	- Start new game
	- Game menu
	- Restart existing game
	- Create new subject
	- Help menu
	- Save the game
	- Quit
	
Start program
	The end user enters the command to start the program. The computer displays
	a banner screen with a short description of the game. The player is prompted
	for and enters their name. The user enters their name and the computer
	displays a personalized welcome message and the Main Menu. An error message
	is displayed if an invalid name is entered and the player is prompted to
	reenter a valid name or quit.

Main Menu
	Display the following menu.
		N - Start new game
		R - Restart existing game
		C - Create new subject
		H - Help
		Q - Quit
	The player enters the selected item. The computer displays the selected end
	user story. The computer displays an error message and redisplays the main
	menu, if an invalid menu item is entered. The program terminates when
	'Quit' is selected.
 
	Start new game
		The player enters 'N' to start a new game. The player is prompted to
		enter the number of people who will be playing. The player enters the
		number of people and the computer checks to see if an invalid amount
		has been entered. If an invalid value is entered, display an error
		message and prompt the player to reenter a valid number.  The player is
		prompted to select a 'Subject' area to be quizzed on.  The player is
		prompted to select the number of questions, the type of questions
		(fill in the blank, multiple choice, or both), and select the amount of
		time to allocate for each question to be included in the card deck.
		The combination of choices determines the possible amount of points that
		can be earned.  Each question has a default points value (5 pts), time
		allotted value (2 minutes), and question type (multiple choice).  The
		questions maximum point value can be increased by 1 point for each 10
		second decrement, if the default time allotted is reduced.  The questions
		maximum point value can be increased by 5 points, if the question type
		is changed to fill in the blank.  If the player chooses to have both
		question types included in the card deck, a random amount of questions
		will be changed to be fill in the blank type questions and their maximum
		points adjusted accordingly.  The program then creates and initializes
		all of the objects needed for the game. The Game Menu is then displayed.

		Game menu
			The program displays a deck of shuffled cards in the center of the
			screen.  The first card displays an image on the top side, which
			will be replaced with the question once 'Begin Play' (P) is
			selected.  Subsequent cards will display the question on the top
			and when answered correctly will flip over to display correct
			answer(s).  A space is provided below the deck of cards to gather
			correct answers from the player, an input field if question type is
			'fill in the blank' or a list of multiple choice answers.  The list
			of multiple choice answers will use radial buttons to indicate a
			single correct responses or a selection box to indicate one or more
			correct responses possible.
			A banner is displayed across the top left half of the screen
			containing the current players name, selected subject area, number
			of cards (questions) in the deck, the amount of time allotted per
			question, and the maximum points that can be earned.  A banner is
			displayed in the to right half of the screen that displays the
			current players number of questions answered correctly, current
			score, and question timer, if timer chosen.  A list of current
			players, initially ordered alphabetically by player name with each
			players current score, is displayed on the right side of the screen.
			The list order will be sorted by highest score, each player's score
			has changed.  A player's score can be negative.
			The following game menu is displayed on the left side of the screen. 
				P - Begin Play
				K - Skip card
				S - Save game
				Q - Quit
			The user enters a choice and the program switches to the selected
			view. When 'Quit' is selected, display the Main Menu.

		Begin Play
			Replace image on top card with first question, display appropriate
			response field (fill in blank or list of responses) below card deck,
			including a submit button and a hint button, and start the question
			timer.  When a correct response is provided flip the card over to
			expose the correct response and increment the player's score by the
			question's 'max points' value.
			A submitted incorrect response will flip the card over, but not
			expose the correct answer, and will decrement the score by the
			questions 'max points' value.
			A 'Show Answer' button will be displayed, if incorrect response is
			provided and if the 'time per question' allotment has not been
			decreased.  The 'hint' button will be displayed in place of the
			'hint' button which is displayed while the player is attempting to
			respond.

		Skip card
			A player my choose to skip two cards per game, unless the player
			has chosen to reduce the allotted time per question.  Skipping a
			card flips the card to display the next question, without displaying
			the skipped question's answer.  Skipping a card removes the question
			from the players deck of cards reducing the number of cards and the
			games potential maximum points displayed in the top left banner.


		Save game
			Pauses the game/question timer, and provides player(s) option to
			save game or cancel.  The 'save' button saves the game with the
			timestamp and player's name. Cancel returns player to the game
			and continues the game/question timer.

	Restart existing game
		Player is displayed a list of their previously saved games.  The player
		will select the radial button next to the game they would like to
		continue playing.  The player will select submit to continue the game
		or cancel to return to the Main menu.  Selecting continue will retrieve
		the previously saved game, including time remaining, points earned and
		all other metadata that is diplayed in the various banners.

	Create new subject
		Provides the player the ability to define a new subject, questions and
		answers.  A new subject requires the following fields to be populated.
			- Subject Label: JAVA I
			- Subject Description: Beginner level questions regarding
			inheritance, polymorphism, basic JAVA functions, classes,
			terminology, UML, etc.
			- Default question timer
			- Question
				- Question
					- correct answer
					- multiple choice answers (default answer type, can only be
					changed when starting a new game.)
					- Is answer case sensitive
					- difficulty level (points can be increased at game time if
					the player chooses to increase the difficulty level by
					reducing the default allotted time per question or answer
					type.  Details found in the 'Start new game' menu)
						- easy = 4 points
						- medium = 5 points
						- difficult = 6 points
	Quit
		Player is presented with the option to 'Save and Quit' or 'Quit'.
		'Save and Quit' allows the player to save the game prior to quitting.
		'Quit' ends the game, cleans up any remaining active stuff and exits the
		program.
	